PAGE 20 - FORTRESS ASSAULT


10.3 FORTRESS ASSAULT

    In a fortress assault, attacking battlefield entities may target
    either the fortress or any defending entity inside it. Defending
    entities inside the fortress may target attackers normally.
    Attackers may choose to target one or more enemy fortresses in
    the same engagement. Multi-fortress engagements are legal: There
    is no cap on the number of fortresses targeted in a single
    engagement. Each targeted fortress resolves capture or
    destruction independently.

    A fortress assault ends when:
        -   All defending entities are killed or retreat, OR
        -   All attackers are killed or retreat, OR
        -   The fortress is destroyed.

    CAPTURING A FORTRESS. If all defending entities of a fortress
    are killed or retreat and the fortress still has at least 1 HP,
    the surviving attackers may choose to capture or destroy the
    fortress.

        CAPTURE: Control of the fortress transfers to the attacker.
        Up to the fortress's capacity in attackers may move inside
        it; any excess attackers stay on the battlefield. At least
        1 entity must be garrisoned in the fortress upon first
        capture to keep the fortress. If no entities are moved into
        a newly captured fortress, then the fortress remains under
        its previous owner's control. A victorious attacker may
        decide how to split surviving entities between the
        battlefield and/or the captured fortress. A victorious
        attacker does not need to capture a fortress and may leave
        it empty but still under enemy control.

        DESTROY: Discard the fortress. No one controls it. Attackers
        remain on the battlefield.

    DESTROYING A FORTRESS. If the fortress itself is reduced to 0 HP
    during the assault, it is destroyed. All entities inside it, and
    their equipped items, are immediately destroyed with it. (If the
    Last Stand rule is active, defenders may take their final action
    before discarding.) If defenders retreat before the fortress is
    destroyed, they can survive. If defenders did not choose to
    retreat before the fortress's HP reached 0, all defenders die.


[VISUAL NOTE: FIGURE 5 - Fortress Assault vs Barrage. Left: battlefield entities assaulting a fortress. Right: fortress occupants firing fortress-to-fortress like ships.]
