PAGE 34 - SINGLEPLAYER TURN FLOW + ENEMY AI


29.2 TURN FLOW

    Attack the next level on the battlepath. Flip the fortress
    and all entities inside face-up, and resolve the combat as
    a fortress assault.

    If you defeat the fortress and all its defenders, go to the
    Post-Battle phase below.

    If any of your entities die, remove them. If all of your
    entities die, the game ends in defeat.

29.3 ENEMY AI

    Enemy entities behave like this, in order:

        1. If an enemy has an equipped consumable: think of a
           number from 1 to 6 in your head.
           Roll 1d6. If the die matches your number, the enemy
           uses the consumable on a legal target, and it is
           revealed.

        2. Otherwise the enemy performs a normal attack.

    ENEMY TARGETING. Enemies target your entity with the lowest
    current HP. In case of a tie, they target the entity with the
    highest Attack. In case of a further tie, choose randomly.

    ENEMY ITEMS ARE HIDDEN. Keep enemy equipped items face-down
    until the psychic roll triggers their use, then flip and resolve
    normally.

    BOSS FORTRESSES. Every third fortress on the battlepath
    (Level 3, 6, 9, etc.) is a Boss Fortress. At Levels 9 and
    beyond, BOTH fortresses on that level are Boss Fortresses.
    Each Boss Fortress's final surviving entity gains Last Stand
    automatically, even if you are not otherwise playing with
    Last Stand. Boss Last Stand follows the standard Last Stand
    rules in Section 22: revival via Healing is permitted.

    ENEMY REINFORCEMENTS. At the start of each enemy combat round
    at Level 4 or higher, roll 1d6. On a 6, one entity from the
    NEXT level on the battlepath is pulled forward and deployed
    into the current fortress as reinforcement (if the fortress
    has room). Flip this entity face-up and equip it with whatever
    items it was carrying. Remove it from its original level. If
    the next level is empty, no reinforcement is deployed.


[VISUAL NOTE: Singleplayer AI reference. Optional enemy priority flowchart: consumable psychic roll, normal attack, lowest HP target.]
